DOC: set_axis_off method in User Guide (#1907)
geopandas/geopandas: doc/source/docs/user_guide/mapping.rst

        },
    );

Other map customizations
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

> Maps usually do not have to have axis labels. You can turn them off by ``ax.set_axis_off()`` or ``ax.axis("off")``.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Maps usually do not have to have axis labels. You can turn them off using ``set_axis_off()`` or ``axis("off")`` axis methods.
```

I think this may be better because `ax` is just an arbitrary variable.
